explain log levels (#5)
costela/docker-volume-hetzner: README.md

- **`size`** (optional): size of the volume in GB (default: `10`)
- **`fstype`** (optional): filesystem type to be created on new volumes. Currently supported values are `ext{2,3,4}` and `xfs` (default: `ext4`)
- **`prefix`** (optional): prefix to use when naming created volumes (default: `docker`)

> - **`loglevel`** (optional): the amount of information that will be output by the plugin. Accepts any value supported by [logrus](https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus), that is: `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warning`, `info`, `debug`, `trace` (default: `warn`)

Reviewer: good catch!
but maybe something a little more compact?
```suggestion
- **`loglevel`** (optional): the amount of information that will be output by the plugin. Accepts any value supported by [logrus](https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus) (i.e.: `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info` and `debug`; default: `warn`)
```

IMHO `panic` and `trace` are not worth mentioning in this context, even though they are technically valid. And [`warn` is a synonym for `warning`](https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus/blob/0c8c93fe4d2fb9013b83ae5f3151608f69f562ca/logrus.go#L25), so maybe it's enough to mention one, keeping it consistent with the default.
